Fixes for tutorials after regenesis + changelog (#276)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/dev/troubleshooting/changelog.md

# Changelog

## System update v1.3 (8th Feb 2023)

This update included multiple changes in the system to prepare it for our “Fair Onboarding Alpha” milestone. These updates include:

- a fee mechanism revamp that replaces `ergs` with `gas` to make it easier to understand (after all, we’re all part of the Ethereum ecosystem).
- updates in the Account Abstraction support
- changes in L1 and L2 system contract interfaces
- breaking changes in our SDKs where methods and properties that contained `ergs` are renamed `gas`
- and some API error messages now follow the Geth format (more updates coming soon).

> **These udpates were followed by a system regenesys.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**These updates were followed by a system regenesis.**
```

### How to update your project

To update your project, follow these steps:

- Update all your project dependencies, while continuing to use `ethers v5.7.x` (as `ethers v6.x` introduces additional breaking changes).
- Delete the `artifacts-zk` and `cache-zk` folders.

> - If you’re using the local-setup to run unit tests, update the docker images with `docker-compose pull` and restart the local setup state by running the `./clear.sh` script.

Reviewer: @uF4No did we update + test the local node?

Author: I was told the docker images were going to be updated

Author: confirmed with @Deniallugo that they'll released the docker images later today

- Re-compile your project with the latest version of the binary compiler (`v1.3.1`).
- Update `zksync-web3` to `0.13.x`. All methods that included `ergs` have been renamed to `gas` and some function signatures have changed.

> - If your project uses zksync system contracts, make sure to update the `@matterlabs/zksync-contracts` package as well. There are changes in multiple contract interfaces.

Reviewer: cc @vladbochok please publish the package

- Paymasters: The `ergsPerPubdata: utils.DEFAULT_ERGS_PER_PUBDATA_LIMIT` in the transaction `customData` should be updated to `gasPerPubdata: utils.DEFAULT_GAS_PER_PUBDATA_LIMIT`. Custom paymasters are required to return a magic value after a transaction validation on the `validateAndPayForPaymasterTransaction` method.
- If your project uses Account Abstraction, keep in mind that the IAccount interface has changed. We’ve introduced account versioning to allow for future updates. Accounts are required to return a magic value after a transaction validation on the `validateTransaction` method.
- As with any other regenesis, it will remove all balances and contracts so you’ll need to deposit funds and redeploy your contracts again.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you first state regenesis happened, before stating what they should do. @uF4No

Author: I already mention it in the first section, in bold 😉
